README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Federico

**Buenos Aires** | Founder of [Ergodic Group](https://federicocarrone.com) | Creator of [LambdaClass](https://lambdaclass.com)

[Ergodic Group](https://federicocarrone.com) builds companies in distributed systems, cryptography, and AI. [LambdaClass](https://lambdaclass.com) builds software that is fast and provably correct: Ethereum clients, ZK provers, and verified compilers.

## Built at LambdaClass

- [ethrex](https://github.com/lambdaclass/ethrex). Ethereum execution client in Rust, L1 and L2
- [lambdaworks](https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambdaworks). SNARK and STARK prover implementations
- [cairo-vm](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo-vm). Rust implementation of the Cairo VM
- [cairo_native](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo_native). Cairo Sierra to MLIR compiler
- [lambda_ethereum_consensus](https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambda_ethereum_consensus). Ethereum consensus client in Elixir
- [options_backtester](https://github.com/lambdaclass/options_backtester). Options trading backtester
- [erlings](https://github.com/lambdaclass/erlings). Erlang exercises, rustlings-style

## Books & Learning Paths

- [Data Science in Julia for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/data_science_in_julia_for_hackers). Open book on applied data science
- [Cryptography in Rust for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/cryptography_in_rust_for_hackers). Hands-on crypto implementations
- [Distributed Consensus in Rust for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/distributed_consensus_in_rust_for_hackers). Consensus protocols from scratch
- [Spawned Shelter](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/spawnedshelter). Erlang & Elixir learning path
- [Practical Cryptography & Distributed Ledgers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/practical_cryptography_and_distributed_ledgers). ZK proofs, FHE, consensus

## Writing

- [Friction as Luxury: What We Lose When AI Gives Us What We Want](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/friction-as-luxury/)
- [Is Consciousness a Network Effect?](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/consciousness-as-network-effect/)
- [Transforming the Future with ZK Proofs, FHE and New Distributed Systems](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/transforming-the-future-with-zero-knowledge-proofs-fully-homomorphic-encryption-and-new-distributed-systems-algorithms/)

## Connect

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/federicocarrone) · [Blog](https://federicocarrone.com) · [Email](mailto:mail@fcarrone.com)

Commit message:

Add curated learning resources section to profile

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Federico

**Buenos Aires** | Founder of [Ergodic Group](https://federicocarrone.com) | Creator of [LambdaClass](https://lambdaclass.com)

[Ergodic Group](https://federicocarrone.com) builds companies in distributed systems, cryptography, and AI. [LambdaClass](https://lambdaclass.com) builds software that is fast and provably correct: Ethereum clients, ZK provers, and verified compilers.

## Built at LambdaClass

- [ethrex](https://github.com/lambdaclass/ethrex). Ethereum execution client in Rust, L1 and L2
- [lambdaworks](https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambdaworks). SNARK and STARK prover implementations
- [cairo-vm](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo-vm). Rust implementation of the Cairo VM
- [cairo_native](https://github.com/lambdaclass/cairo_native). Cairo Sierra to MLIR compiler
- [lambda_ethereum_consensus](https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambda_ethereum_consensus). Ethereum consensus client in Elixir
- [options_backtester](https://github.com/lambdaclass/options_backtester). Options trading backtester
- [erlings](https://github.com/lambdaclass/erlings). Erlang exercises, rustlings-style

## Books & Learning Paths

- [Data Science in Julia for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/data_science_in_julia_for_hackers). Open book on applied data science
- [Cryptography in Rust for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/cryptography_in_rust_for_hackers). Hands-on crypto implementations
- [Distributed Consensus in Rust for Hackers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/distributed_consensus_in_rust_for_hackers). Consensus protocols from scratch
- [Spawned Shelter](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/spawnedshelter). Erlang & Elixir learning path
- [Practical Cryptography & Distributed Ledgers](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/practical_cryptography_and_distributed_ledgers). ZK proofs, FHE, consensus

## Writing

- [Friction as Luxury: What We Lose When AI Gives Us What We Want](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/friction-as-luxury/)
- [Is Consciousness a Network Effect?](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/consciousness-as-network-effect/)
- [Transforming the Future with ZK Proofs, FHE and New Distributed Systems](https://federicocarrone.com/articles/transforming-the-future-with-zero-knowledge-proofs-fully-homomorphic-encryption-and-new-distributed-systems-algorithms/)

## Curated Learning Resources

- [learning_systems_and_security](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_systems_and_security). Assembly, reverse engineering, distributed systems, compilers, cryptography, mathematics
- [learning_economics](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_economics). Papers and books on monetary theory, volatility, ergodicity economics, complexity
- [learning_fat_tails](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_fat_tails). Fat-tailed distributions, kurtosis, and why Gaussian models fail
- [learning_nutrition_and_health](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_nutrition_and_health). Peer-reviewed papers on fasting, supplements, and metabolic health
- [learning_ergodicity_economics](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_ergodicity_economics). Ergodicity Economics lecture notes by Ole Peters
- [learning_data_science](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/learning_data_science). Data science etudes and statistical explorations
- [the_bayes_way](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/the_bayes_way). Bayesian statistics and probabilistic programming
- [saas_guidelines](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/saas_guidelines). Guide for building production-ready SaaS with Elixir/Phoenix and React/TS
- [not_a_monad_tutorial](https://github.com/unbalancedparentheses/not_a_monad_tutorial). Interviews and reviews about programming languages, OSes, and libraries

## Connect

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/federicocarrone) · [Blog](https://federicocarrone.com) · [Email](mailto:mail@fcarrone.com)
